From huette1337 at yahoo.de  Mon Aug 27 16:00:49 2007
From: huette1337 at yahoo.de (Martin VH)
Date: Mon, 27 Aug 2007 16:00:49 +0200 (CEST)
Subject: Excluding locked files from commiting?
Message-ID: <861313.93057.qm@web23002.mail.ird.yahoo.com>

Hey there! 
We use SmartSVN and - sorry - i haven't read a lot of
the help-files/manuals, cause i'm not a subversion- 
admin and there's just one little thing i was told to
find out: 

Is there a way to tell any subversion-client not to
try to commit locked files (if i commit a folder /
multiple files)? 

Why i wanna know: 
Ressource-files in Delphi. 
They change everytime a Delphi-project is opened, even
if there are no deliberate/significant changes in them
and so the repository grows unnecessarily (despite of
delta-algorithm). 
Putting them onto the "Ignored Files"-List is not a
nice solution, cause programmers shouldn't have to
copy them manually to their pcs, when they check out a
project (...and the files are needed to compile a
project). 
So we locked all res-files 'by admin'. Now the files
are copied to the local working copies and can't be
commited back to the repository (that's what we want).
Only when we know, that there are significant changes
to a res-file, we unlock and commit it (which is very
occasionally). 
But that isn't a very nice solution, too. When a whole
folder/project is commited, the process cancels, cause
there are locked (res-)files in nearly every folder.
That's an effect of the atomic-comits-feature and i
think it's helpful in general. But in our case we
don't want to commit atomic. We wan't to commit
"atomic, but without locked files".

Excluding locked files from commiting in general would
be a solution.
Or maybe there's a different way in a different client
to solve that problem?

Thanks for listening! 

Cheers, 

Martin


      Heute schon einen Blick in die Zukunft von E-Mails wagen? Versuchen Sie?s mit dem neuen Yahoo! Mail. www.yahoo.de/mail


